"I have no power, Harry," she said sadly.

"Have you considered whether you are the only one?" Mr. Weasley said to Hermione, who nodded.

"What? Well, I mean...

Harry Potter was my father. My first choice," said Mrs. Weasley, putting her hand over her head.

"I knew his parents were all right," said Harry.

"They were," Mrs. Weasley said to her.

"Harry, Hermione Potter was supposed to have said she was sick," said Ron. "But she never saw me. Neither was I."

"They were all right," sighed Harry. "So yeah, they were in their mid thirties, there were really no family members left.

But then they left the village. Ron, Hermione, Dad, you all had your days to think about what to do.

Now I'm very sorry. I was at your wedding.

If I weren't supposed to have been married the day their wedding day would have been like this,

because that would have meant nothing to me whatsoever." She paused. "That was their wedding day."

"Did you expect? They did?" Mr. Weasley repeated, looking at his watch.

"I expect they are here. How have they been able to have escaped?" said Hermione, looking up at him. "I wonder whether we should have tried to hide from this one. We knew he lived with Ginny or Mum in St. Mungo's, maybe the twins could have escaped. They are supposed to have wanted to be together.

Were they scared?"

"No," said Ron. "Of course not. Neither were I, the only one who was there at the wedding, I just couldn't keep it together."

"Well, we should have tried our best with the three of them," said Harry. "We've told them they think us little, I can't see why you shouldn't think too hard.

Then you were all really very worried about Malfoy. Do you mean Malfoy or Malfoy's parents?"

"Yeah...yes, they are very worried. Just as they've done with Harry, Hermione, Dad and Gellertime."

"Oh, I understand," said Hermione. "Malfoy got the Death Eaters. He's got the Curse on the soul -"

"And he was his mum?" Harry said. "Did you know that?"

"No," said Professor McGonagall, looking suspiciously at him.

"But Malfoy died at the age of eighteen, and the Curse on the soul was lifted in the village."

"You told the Ministry!" said Professor Dumbledore.

"Oh yes," said Harry, but Dumbledore could not have imagined this. "Because he did nothing to help him, didn't make mistakes, didn't want the Killing Curse removed."

"Did you tell the Ministry at that age," he added faintly, looking at Professor McGonagall again. "They wouldn't know - just imagine - did Dumbledore think it funny for them to be able to blame the curse on Malfoy himself, and that he had done something about it?"

"The thing that killed me, Harry Potter," Professor McGonagall interjected. "I didn't want it. It didn't have to be Dumbledore's. It didn't have to be Ron... what with Dad, you know... you know... it wasn't Dumbledore's fault. It was just a horrible thing. And Dumbledore must feel remorse for his actions, for his people's sake, and for the rest of the Order of the Phoenix, Harry Potter's dad. He had saved my life by helping them, if you will."

"I think he would have been happier had Snape remained," said Hermione.

"He certainly was!" said Harry. "But he was a traitor to the Order of the Phoenix because he had betrayed Ron. I mean, there was no reason to not believe him, and there was nothing wrong with pretending Hermione had told the Ministry and said Malfoy had killed Ron and had lied to them, were they all?"

She looked at him closely. He looked pale. After all...

"He was a traitor to the Order," she said with a small shrug.

She looked back up to the street. Professor McGonagall had now stopped at the corner of Leucrooling Road and Bellatrix Lestrange Drive, the last of the Houses of Wizarding Britain.

"Are... are most of the students in the house here?" she said, looking down the block.

"If they are - who are," said Harry anxiously, "what are they going to need?"

"They were supposed to be